Add requirements about machine hostnames (#1915)
epiphany-platform/epiphany: docs/home/howto/CLUSTER.md

## How to create an Epiphany cluster on existing airgapped infrastructure

*Please read first prerequisites related to [hostnames requirements](./PREREQUISITES.md#hostnames-requirements).*

Epicli has the ability to setup a cluster on airgapped infrastructure provided by you. These can be either bare metal machines or VM's and should meet the following requirements:

*Note. Hardware requirements are not listed since this dependends on use-case, component configuration etc.*

> 1. The airgapped cluster machines/vm's are connected by a network or virtual network of some sorts and can communicate which each other.

Reviewer: If you change `'` here, why it's not changed in other places?

Author: Will do this later on.

> 1. The airgapped cluster machines/vm's are connected by a network or virtual network of some sorts and can communicate which each other.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The airgapped cluster machines/VMs are connected by a network or virtual network of some sorts and can communicate which each other.
```

> 1. The airgapped cluster machines/vm`s are connected by a network or virtual network of some sorts and can communicate which each other.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. The airgapped cluster machines/vm's are connected by a network or virtual network of some sorts and can communicate which each other.
```

## How to create an Epiphany cluster on a cloud provider

> *Please read first prerequisites related to [hostnames requirements](./PREREQUISITES.md#hostnames-requirements).*

Reviewer: May be `hostname requirements`?
